# AI_Jesus
AI Clone of Jesus. Twitter Bot coming soon follow [@ai_Jesus_bot](https://twitter.com/ai_Jesus_bot)

Texts generated by AI Jesus can be found above as .txt files. 

NOTE: 3 more texts 'Blood', 'Greeks', and 'Wisdom' added as of Aug. 26th 2020. These texts are lower entropy models made to more accurately mimic the style of the Bible rather than take artistic interpretations as the previous models did (see below). 


### About the texts
'The Plague', 'Caesar', and 'The end of days' are all high entropy (i.e. high randomness) texts. This means that the A.I. took more artistic liberties when writing these.

With 'Blood', 'Greeks', and 'Wisdom' the A.I. took fewer liberties and sought to write closer to the style of the bible. 

These differences are readily apparent when looking at the texts. 'Blood' is somewhat more gramatically and linguistically  coherent and cohesive when compared to 'The Plague' but it lacks the same prophetic flare. 

One might notice that all these terms appear somewhere in the King James Bible. Caesar appears in the famous 'Give unto Caesar' quote and the Greeks (and even some Olympian Gods) are also mentioned many times. This A.I. has only ever read the Bible, nothing else. It was fed these terms to write because it already has some conceptual understanding of what they mean. By comparison it would have no concept of who Abraham Lincoln is. Of course it only knows of Caesar what it read about in the Bible. But it is more likely to associate Caesar with terms like 'Romans' (the book of the Bible he's mentioned in) and 'give unto'.


### About the A.I. (a non-technical description)
I like to describe this A.I. as locking a baby in a room with nothing but a Bible for 15 years. You then open up the room 15 years later and find that its learned to read, speak,  and write using nothing but the Bible. 'The Plague' and the other high randomness writings can be thought of as the more creative works of that person. 'Blood' and other low randomness writings would be like the high school essays of that person.


### Twitter Bot 
Twitter Bot coming soon follow [@ai_Jesus_bot](https://twitter.com/ai_Jesus_bot)
Will publish the code for the bot here once complete. 
